if you're making a crude choice remember this there is no best career
for everyone there is a tendency in our society to think a career where
you can make the most money is the best career or their career we'll
have the more status the best career and we all know jokes about
mothers breaking on their son the doctor you know so a physician is
a very good honorable career it's a lot of people who are not cut
out to be position so the most miserable people I know are people who
positions or lawyers accountants found even though they could do it
even though they were good at the hated and it just did not make them
for Phil to do it one of my professors in law school was a physician
first and he said being a physician was not challenging you know
you've got the green nose in a purple tongue you get pill number fifty
five next and so he wanted to do something where you can expand
on what you not just follow the rules so the best careers the best
career for you and that means you have to have self knowledge self analysis
indeed factual understanding of what the varying careers actually
do not the way the prettier dawn TV or in the movies but they
really do every day and find out the one that fits your capabilities
the best don't get second into the trap of I can do that so I should
do that Lana ms will people I know can do calculus but don't like
doing engineer they got into it because they could do it that's not
where they're heartless